h2. WellTreat.US release change logs.

h4. Release - 0.22 - New look and ad.

* 350. FIX sudden tag lost bug (it is due to add new recipient feature)
* 352. Fix HTTP forwarded for header for getting the real user
* 353. On mobile version restaurant details page "add review" should have "Show reviews" and "add review"
* 347. Filter nearby restaurants by mobile location if browsed from mobile
* 354. Optimized image
* 355. Set small top banner for mobile version
* 354. FIX if image uploaded from mobile show html format
* [ND] 355. Fix issue with Map and current location in slow net
* 356. Facebook check in sharing
* 357. Fix url escaping issue with event
* 358. Added search field for mobile version
* 359. Fixed duplicate check in issue added 2 hours time limit
* 364. Mobile version: Add new tag
* 360. Make map marker searchable
* 361. Fix Floating domain error for check in
* 365. Tag auto assign to tag group

h4. New UI Integration.

* 1. Event
* 2. Ad space
* 3. Categorization
* 4. Recent activity
* 5. Upcoming events
* 6. Week top chart
* 7. Day wise grouping
* 8. Fix broken links
* 9. Design details page
* 22. Optimize Checkin, love and review icons
* 28. Exclude us from the leader board
* 24. Ajax load activities log on front page
* 14. Build section details page
* 20. Image details page
* 15. Redesign logo
* 46. Fix right boxes design
* [CANCELLED] 34. Upgrade sphinx
* 45. On user profile page list of restaurants should display how much contribution he had. ie- efes 12 checkins
* 49. Fix event page with status
* 48. Show photo comments in activity stream
* 55. Change login/registration page
* 56. Change add/edit restaurant page
* 54. Show photo view as facebook photo with comments view
* [CANCELED/Instead Image] 29. Food menu
* 23. Fix similar restaurants module
* [CANCELED/Better UI idea taken] 11. Change event date box with star shape
* 47. Filter pages by filters
* 16. Check search page
* 59. Show currently HERE box
* 57. Who wanna go box
* 368. Fix full map view
* 53. Index database tables
* 54. Add restaurant view page buttons on event page
* 25. Cache activity fragment
* 26. Cache leader board
* 26. Cache user profile
* 51. Fix bugs on posting review (authenticity related)

h4. Release - 0.21 - Bug fixes.

* 323. Fix problem with Mobile version restaurant details page (shows not supported)
* 324. Integrate Google Map V3
* 325. Integrated auto current location detection
* 322. Fix On user profile page, "activities" ajax call url
* 325. Fix ISP details page's tag links it goes to cuisine-tags
* 326. Bring furniture reviewer community
* 300. Attach meta data with tags (ie. location, multiple choice etc..)
* 337. Mass tag importer
* 330. Make Featured furniture image
* 331. Integrated OpenGraph and Facebook Like meta attributes
* 329. Show expandable tag's viewer
* 332. Add Easy tagging option
* 344. Fix cross topic URL
* 344. Add mobile view for events page
* 334. Restaurant Importer
* 343. Fix cross topic notification display If user has latest notification over multiple topics.
* 345. Fix mobile view for full map
* 348. Setup ip banning feature
* 349. Introduced mobile service for uploading picture
* 346. Set map url for mobile version
* 343. FIX full unicode url

h4. Release - 0.20 - user.khadok.com.

* 208. Use Location tag group for restaurant admin panel
* 290. Configure google analytics code
* 286. Setup m.khadok.com for format=mobile
* 287. Setup name.khadok.com domain
* 276. On user profile page translation missing
* 294. Fixed fb like box
* 293. Fix Open search xml not found
* 292. Multiple image upload
* 291. Full map if user click on map
* 295. Show nearby restaurants  on full map
* 297. Change Email prefix
* 296. Have different logo for map markers
* 299. FB share on review
* 260. Display list of recent activities over the top panel
* 301. Rename Site title, new convention - "Product name" user's reviews and ratings - khadok.com
* 308. Fix Wanna go box on event module
* 309. Fix Event Big Map
* 310. Replace Do u want this button on event page
* 311. Fix Events index page
* 312. Event Image details page
* 313. Add Top banner
* 320. Add Event Schedule info
* 314. Change event details page color
* 315. Fix mobile version
* 316. Fix translation
* 318. Replace review/review_comment.restaurant with .any
* 305. Event module, Add/Edit/Delete/ReSchedule event
* 302. FIx FB Share review image related problem
* 307. Event module


h4. Release - 0.19 - www.khadok.com.

* 246. Fix old fb user email related bug - mahtonu@gmail.com
* 236. Fix FB activity box with domain name
* 222. Light box based login
* 242. Auto link for reply comment
* 238. Make web site link clickable
* 271. Set max ttl for sub domains (ajax, asset)
* 272. Show other topics in a combo box on top menu
* 273. Incorporate Topic search trends in meta tags
* 246. Fix height for "add new restaurant" tags panel
* 247. Add tag searching option for "add new restaurant" tags panel
* 240. Fix map on create isp page
* 241. Fix refresh warning correction
* 223. Use location tag group for add restaurant
* 278. Fix issue with ISP language shifting en|bn should be isp_en|isp_bn
* 275. Delay image loading
* 284. Embed login/registration with review form
* 279. Enable Khadok.com
* 283. Use "www" prefixed for defined host
* 282. Set permanent redirection for restaurant.welltreat.us
* 281. Fix facebook connect for different domain

h4. Release - 0.18 - More topics on.

* 217. Fix asset host for js push
* 218. Move to multi domain cookie plugin
* 218. Fix FB logout interval for failed FB sign out
* 219. Expire fragment_for fragmented cache
* 221. Fix wrong image referencing on server
* 216. Group sphinix index
* 194. Revise localization
* 228. ISP review center
* 223. Topic configuration exporter
* 237. Integrate facebook widget
* 234. Nearby search with sphinx
* 235. Automatically rotate tabs if not clicked on any tab
* 230. Fix email notification
* 232. Fix restaurant cached page where upload page doesn't show up
* 231. Picture upload option
* 229. Fix spelling "Lound" to "lound"

h4. Release - 0.17_LAALSHOP.

* 186. Fix problem with Unbiased rating
* 193. Fix issue with max height on details page
* 191. Make system searchable
* 192. Integrate full text search
* 129. Similar restaurant
* 193. Integrate nifty design for similar restaurants

* 195. Remove single review constraint
* 196. Added support for old recommend url
* 197. Ajaxify search filtering box
* 201. Have test url for premium service
* 203. Keep option for removing own review
* 204. Keep option for removing any reviews as an admin
* [NOT an issue] 206. Fix problem with facebook user without email
* 198. Design review box as FB comment box
* 207. Fix mobile version
* 205. Add phone call and map option for nokia mobile version
* 200. Display owner recipients emails (if admin) on restaurant page
* 206. Display related pictures from the same restaurant(s) on display image page
* 210. Open search integration
* 211. Don't cache mobile view

h4. Release - 0.16_LAALSHOP.

* LS#2 Implement domain based virtual hosting support
* LS#4 Add welcome page
* LS#5 Implement Product gallery service
* LS#7 Create facebook and twitter fan pages
* LS#11 Integrate front page featured products gallery
* LS#12 Coming soon subscriber
* LS#13 Display list of subscribed users
* LS#17 Add image zooming feature
* 188. Add Tag option
* 190. Integrate real restaurant owner email address..

h4. Release - 0.14.

* 161. Design template for restaurant page
* 162. Provide option to choose template from the template gallery
* 164. Have option for adding extra page
* 166. Have food menu browser
* 168. Make featured restaurants by administration selection
* 171. Review page for premium restaurant
* 172. Fix links on FB app
* 126. Add recipe
* 84. beta logo
* 108. Add meta tag og: for facebook like (http://developers.facebook.com/docs/reference/plugins/like)
* 83. make map clickable anyplace and put marker
* 79. Should have option to share a specific picture
* 55. Fix duplicate review related issue
* 43. error reporting
* 27. Add Featured restaurant options
* 12. Facebook connect as default authentication
* 121. Show recent reviews
* 140. On restaurant details page, add full image url instead of light box view

h4. Release - 0.13.

* 66. Make bangla support
* 159. Fix FB Durr! with email authorization related bug
* 160. Fixed infinite loop related issue with Facebook connect

h4. Release - 0.9.
* 95. Add comment on photo

h4. Release - 0.11.

* 101. FB game : Treat me!
* 111. Add foods picture slide show on front page
* 123. Add top restaurants on top of the page in a slide
* 109. Add location in front page listing view
* 107. Display google map while clicked on static map
* 93. Search box on other page
* 134. Fix broken tag details link on front page listing
* 132. Changed feature box's navigation design
* 131. Remove suggested friends restriction from FB game
* 124. Use facebook connect as an alternative of registration
* 134. User facebook DP if no DP is uploaded

h4. Release - 0.12.

* 127. Suggest me the best restaurant
* 131. Search tags
* 139. Add location tag
* 106. Geo tagging for restaurant page
* 130. Branch locator
* 143. Add mobile based view
* 148. Add Meta description for each restaurants
* 147. Add FB like button on review
* 141. Support facebook profile Tab
* 138. FB page on received approved treat
* 149. fix fb like button width
* 150. remove fb like button from show restaurant page
* 152. Fixed broken tag details page url
* 151. Fix shucmon bhai's page 
* 133. Add "reply" button on every comments on reviews 
* 153. Added Tag editor
* 154. Added random top featured restaurants
* 155. Improve feature box navigation
* 156. Fix bugs with hash on recommend box
* 157. Fixed mobile registration problem

h4. Release - 0.8.

* 69.  change FBConnect path to welltreat.us
* 96.  Add multiple selection of field type for fields
* 100. Option for act as super admin to edit other's content
* 102. Dont ask refresh warning on update page if there is no change
* 103. Keep dedicated page for image

h4. Release - 0.7.

* 92. show randomized photo gallery
* 85. Dont send email if the comment or review writer is the author himself
* 54. send email notification to everyone
* 61. add multiple image in fb share
* 90. FIX link while sharing over Facebook
* 85. Email should include the comment content
* 86. Email should include the review content
* 88. Fix duplicate ids in Query of Recent stuffs
* 92. Use H1 on each page
* 94. Photo gallery page
* 38. Add button 'do u own this restaurant?, transfer ownership just only 2K per month'

h4. Release - (0.1 - 0.6).

* 2. enable disable facebook 6. Image title feature
*  7. new reviews list on front page 
* 9. formatted text 
* 10. Recently reviewed list should be sorted by date 
* 13. Rich text editor 
* 16. Organize hate n love options while reviewing and add option for i wanna go!
*  17. add feedback button 
* 18. remove html while publishing on facebook 
* 19. add missing image 
* 23. [DONE} on front page recently reviewed section should handle wanna go 
* 25. add reset password
* 26. Map searching option
* 30. Topic management tool
* 37. Admin flag for user
* 42. Bug on FB Connect
* 3. comment on review
* 37. Admin flag for user
* 30. Topic management tool
* 23. [DONE} on front page recently reviewed section should handle wanna go
*  24. [NOT issue] Fixed descending order prob on recent review 
* 25. add reset password
* 26. Map searching option
* 2. enable disable facebook
*  6. Image title feature 
* 7. new reviews list on front page 
* 9. formatted text
*  10. Recently reviewed list should be sorted by date 
* 16. Organize hate n love options while reviewing and add option for i wanna go! 
* 17. add feedback button 
* 18. remove html while publishing on facebook 
* 19. add missing image 
* 13. Rich text editor
* 21. add profile page
* 49. comment after my comment notification
* 31. Set default topic
* 51. not reviewed mark
* 28. Add bubble to guide new visitor
* 39. Dashboard (who replied)
* 32. Topic based subdomain
* 33. Topic URL forwarding
* 34. Topic properties (for extra variable)
* 33. Topic property should have option to declare input required flag
* 34. Topic relation with all models
* 35. Topic migration for existing data
* 56. FIx 'dot' (.) related issue while serving user profile
* 57. show attributes on show restaurant page
* 58. Remove i wanna go from review box
* 71. Display tag
* 72. On welltreat.us it should redirect to the default topic, topic name "_" should be translated as "."
* 62. make generic url for edit profile
* 60. Stop back button while creating new restaurant
* 78. PUblic time line
* 79. Setting up activites as default after log in
* 76. change hate to dislike
* 36. Topic theme management
* 63. Fix labels
* 68. FIX sub domain in email
* 64. Detect topic from action mailer
* 82. add searching option
* 65. Write test case for registration
* 66. Write test case for checking email
* 86. Don't display delete button for other's comment
* 67. Function Test case for reset password
